doc: Add instructions for building and running nodes (#79)
QuantumFusion-network/qf-solochain: docs/executables_and_runtimes.md

Reviewer: Could you describe here or in the readme all the executables and runtimes one may find in the `target/` after the build process? The current content of the file describes something else.

Author: For now it is 2 files:
- qf-node (fastchain)
- qf-parachain-node

But after(if) merging nodes to one binary is only qf-node will be present

Reviewer: I mean something like this, could you complete the suggestion?

https://github.com/QuantumFusion-network/qf-solochain/pull/79#discussion_r2084062877

# Executables and runtimes

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Project with `cargo build --release` creates the following executables.

```console
$ find target/release -maxdepth 1 -executable -type f
target/release/qf-test-runner
target/release/pvm-test-runner
target/release/qf-parachain-node
target/release/qf-node
```
Here `qf-test-runner` is <please describe, @ealataur>.

The `pvm-test-runner` is ...

`qf-parachain-node` is QF Network parachain node.

`qf-node` is QF Network fast chain node.

```

## Build the node binary
For building the fastchain node binary use
```bash
cargo build -p qf-node --release
```

and for parachain node use

```bash
cargo build -p qf-parachain-node --release
```

## Make the chainspec

> **NOTE:** Chainspec - is the our runtime in json format with encoded binary wasm code and config inside. You can read about chainspecs in [official documentation](https://docs.polkadot.com/develop/parachains/deployment/generate-chain-specs)

Reviewer 2: this is just wrong. Chain spec is not "*our runtime in json format*". If you aren't sure, refer to official [definition](https://docs.polkadot.com/develop/parachains/deployment/generate-chain-specs/#introduction) please:

> A chain specification is a crucial parameter when starting a node, providing the genesis configurations, bootnodes, and other parameters relating to that particular network. It identifies the network a blockchain node connects to, the other nodes it initially communicates with, and the initial state that nodes must agree on to produce blocks.

Reviewer 2: and "config inside", what config?

    ```
    where
    - `DATA_PATH` - path to the data directory
    - `CHAIN_NAME` - name of the chain ("local_testnet" for default)

or

```bash
./target/debug/qf-node key generate-node-key > $DATA_PATH/chains/$CHAIN_NAME/network/secret_ed25519
```

## Run the fastchain node
- As a full node (no need to generate the key)
```bash
./target/debug/qf-node --chain $SPEC_PATH/fastchain-spec-raw.json -d $DATA_PATH
```
- As validator (user Alice and need to generate the key)
```bash
./target/debug/qf-node --chain $SPEC_PATH/fastchain-spec-raw.json --validator --alice -d $DATA_PATH
```

Also you can specify the ports:
- `--port <port>` - port for the node
- `--rpc-port <port>` - port for the p2p connection

## Run the parachain node
Before running the local parachain node you need to have a running relaychain node.
To run the local relaychain you can use this bash script:
```bash
#!/bin/bash

SPEC_PATH="../chain-specs"
DATA_PATH="../data-relay"
NODE="<path to your polkadot node>/polkadot"

mkdir -p $DATA_PATH

# polkadot \
$NODE \
--port 40340 \
--rpc-port 9950 \
-d $DATA_PATH \
--chain $SPEC_PATH/relaychain-spec-raw.json --alice
```

> First generate the chainspec as for fastchain but by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First generate the chainspec, similar to how we did it for fastchain:
```
